It looks like Eric still cares about his wife.
Someone is going to be a third wheel forever.
You never learn, do you?
I told you to stay at home.
I promise it'll never happen again.
Please, don't hurt Andrew.
No, it's too late. He can forget about his little perfume shop.
Why should I care, Catherine?
Do you remember the promise?
You lost everything. Everything, Catherine. I'm all alone.
I will always be there for you, Eric.
You will never be alone. You have me always.
I still have you.
This is my promise to you. Don't ever lose it.
Don't worry.
You understand me?
It feels like it's been forever since we were this close.
Look, we used to be, isn't it?
Do you see me as your woman still?
Hello. She's sick.
Okay, fine. I'll have a driver take you to the hospital.
I'm fine. Go.
You want me to leave?
Eric, I will try my best to make up for what my brother's done to you.
I'll be right there.
You deserve to be happy.
Take this.
Use it to pay Riley's medical bills and fines from her lawsuit.
The shop is doing really well. I can manage.
Catherine?
Oh my god, Catherine, you have a fever.
Hey, you're awake.
Listen honey, you passed out from your fever.
I freaked out that luckily my brother came over and brought you to the hospital.
Doctor.
Is she all right?
Ms. Sanchez has a common cold.
Although our temperature is quite high, it's nothing too serious.
However, she's too much pregnant.
We need to be careful of our medications moving forward.
What?
Catherine, you're pregnant?
Are you sure?
Positive.
During your pregnancy, you need to avoid alcohol,
tobacco, caffeine, the works, okay?
Should I call Eric?
You wouldn't want this child. Not with me, at least.
Yeah, but what about you? What do you want?
I've always wanted a child. My baby, this baby means everything to me.
Okay, and I'm all in. We will race this baby together.
Please, don't tell anyone.
We'll tell anyone.
This time, Mommy won't let anything happen to you.
Go get the money. Go get it.
Divorce papers?
Your brother. This whole marriage.
It's all right.
Consider it your guest here.
Wait. Do you know?
You can't control me forever.
You treat me like you're property anymore. I'm done.
You don't like this sign anymore?
No, I don't like these anymore.
It doesn't matter.
You promised me forever.
I'm not letting go.
Wightly?
Remember the photo that speed photographer took of us?
Made it into a magazine.
They want you to be the new face of their new makeup line.
I need you to figure out what's going on with Katherine and your magazine.
Kat, the magazine wants to pay you serious money.
You can save up for the baby.
He's not actually asking you out.
Okay, it's just a prank.
And wipe all that off.
You look like a joke with makeup on.
If you go, don't even bother coming home.
Do you really think I'm a joke?
Oh my god, I'm so excited.
I love all of these products, especially this one.
This is one of my favorite new one.
I know everybody is absolutely stunning.
Just be yourself, okay?
No need to be nervous.
I want your latest products.
And I want your head makeup artist to do my makeup.
Now.
For sure.
So, this is the new face of the new line?
Yes, Riley.
We also have products that are just perfect for you to present.
Take a look at this, elegant, refined, totally your style.
No.
I don't like it.
I want the one.
She's presenting.
Lily, what's going on?
This is our big customer, slash influencer.
I'll say, I'll just go.
Oh.
She's the girlfriend.
And what about Miss Sanchez?
His wife.
What?
About her.
Isn't it obvious?
You're just a gold digger trying to wreck this marriage to get Eric's money.
Face it, honey.
You will never measure up.
Let's just go.
Why?
You are not the one to leave.
I had a suggestion.
Why don't we let our head makeup artist work or go for you,
using the same product?
That way we can see most compatible with a new line.
Yeah?
Okay.
Let's do it.
This one doesn't stand a chance anyways.
Catherine was born for this.
This is our head makeup artist, Kenneth.
Who wants to go first?
I'll go first.
I don't want to use something someone else's use.
Perfection.
Just perfection.
You were born for this book.
I am sorry Miss Riley, but Catherine will be the face of our mother.
How can I help you?
I've told you before.
I don't want you wearing any makeup.
Are you serious?
White bit.
It's the start.
Is that he?
I need you to do what?
I'm going to do something.
Andrew, I can't drag you into this mess.
You're my only friend.
I'm acquiring your magazine too.
Range everything to Riley's specification.
Why?
Hello.
It's course.
Thank you.
And I knew you left when you are.
Who's the home dragon man?
I told you not to see him.
Why don't you ever listen to me?
I just want to make my own money.
Didn't I give you an unlimited credit card?
We need money for anyone.
I just want to start fresh.
Our marriage was just your grandma's wish and my brother's lies.
We don't love each other so stop pretending.
Catherine?
I don't want to continue.
I want a normal relationship.
It's who?
But you.
Get out of the car.
People walk through us.
But it's mother's dinner.
You better not.
I need you to find Catherine's location.
If you don't love me, why do you keep giving me hope?
You can't even have a simple meal without an interruption.
Why is she always such a bummer?
The company anniversary is coming up.
Catherine, with your condition, better not to embarrass yourself by showing up.
Just stay.
Riley will be your date for this event.
Why do you really want this device so bad?
What's the real reason?
You can buy the entire magazine for Riley.
Yet you didn't care that it would ruin my chance to be the face of the makeup line.
I'm not the one you love.
So, why not just let us both move on?
You're jealous of Riley.
Why don't we go on a date tomorrow?
Hmm?
I'll take you to my office, Mom.
It's for that new girl.
It's her birthday.
And you actually got her something.
I need to run.
Excuse me.
I don't know.
I can't stand the idea of you actually being there.
Don't go anywhere.
No.
I don't care.
Do you love me?
Let's have.
After everything I don't feel.
Doesn't any of that matter?
The whole world knows you might know.
Then why after all these years have you never even touched me?
You know why.
I can't marry.
Do you even like me?
Why?
Because of you too.
You don't want her back there.
You are my-
That'd be a birthday to me.
What are you doing?
Eric, what am I to you?
A toy I heard is smart.
What did you say?
Say that again.
Am I just a toy to you?
That was wrong.
Why would you talk about yourself like that?
Why?
I'm just a joke to everyone else.
I should never have let you hang out with Andrew and his friends.
You're becoming more impeded every day.
It has nothing to do with them.
They respect me.
This is all Andrew's doing.
Without him putting ideas in your head, you wouldn't be acting like this.
I barely recognize you.
You're the one that's changed.
You think I'm just going to let you act like this?
Like a smart ass?
I don't want you leaving this house for the next two weeks.
And he can say goodbye to his pathetic little purview shop.
Can you please take me to Cat's house?
She's not answering my calls.
I'm really worried about her.
She's Eric's wife.
Okay.
This is not your problem.
Please, she's pregnant and it's her birthday.
She never misses my calls on her birthday.
Possibly be happening in her house in the middle of the night.
Something's wrong.
My gut's never off.
All right, we can't get caught.
Okay.
The door, okay?
Don't move away from the door.
Get the car.
Go.
Pregnancy could be tough.
Right now, she really needs to rest.
Too much stress or strenuous activity.
It could lead to danger to the baby.
We can't afford another incident like this morning.
How are you feeling?
How can you treat you like that, especially now that you're pregnant?
You need to leave him.
You need to leave that house.
I won't drag you two into this mess.
I want to go home.
Please bring me back.
Thank you.
What are you talking about?
This is a matter of life and death.
You might not care about your own life, but what about the baby?
He needs to stay with us.
He needs.
He needs to rest.
You're coming with us.
Figure out a way to deal with her.
Catherine! Catherine!
Do you know what Catherine is?
She's at William's house, sir.
Getting cozy with angels, man.
Andrew Budd, the second son of the Budd family, was involved in street racing,
resulting in three injuries, with one person still in a coma.
He has since been taken into police custody.
Should we call off the acquisition?
No.
Continue his plan.
Earth, that Andrew guy killed someone.
Was that your doing?
What do you think?
Oh!
You're the best.
You spent annoying me non-stop, and you got rid of him for me.
Catherine.
What are you doing here?
Why?
If you're here about Andrew, you can forget about it.
You need to leave.
No.
I mean you.